well I out of there internet people it's
Bo again so I want to talk about what
happened in Hermitage but before we get
into that I want to talk about Andrew
Jackson because there's a cool little
historical connection in my mind beyond
the obvious
so Andrew Jackson got propelled to the
national scene after his victory at the
Battle of New Orleans was during the War
of 1812 but not really because the war
was over the Treaty of Ghent had already
been signed just news hadn't gotten to
him yet but the war hostilities had
ended the Brits were trying to take New
Orleans Jackson defeated him in reality
it was more a bad British battle plan
than Jackson's brilliance but it didn't
matter
plays songs movies even later were made
about it made him a hero that's what
enabled him to attain the presidency
later was a battle that was fought after
the war was over
sometimes wars are won or lost and the
fighting goes on
Jackson also owned a plantation
Hermitage same area that's where it gets
tonight and it was a plantation in the
truest sense of the term with everything
that that entails I I've mentioned I
grew up on the Tennessee Kentucky line
we used to take field trips to Hermitage
now back then when you were there you
didn't learn about slavery not really
you know what about the cruelty or
anything like that you were giving a
very sanitized version you didn't really
learn much about Jackson you learned
about the benefits of plantation life
and that happened because back then
Tennessee existed in an echo chamber
there were Confederate flags everywhere
the South was going to rise again or
whatever now I would imagine after
seeing the character of the people that
are in that community today the tours
are a little bit different I imagine
they go in to go into things in a little
better detail and actually have some
meaningful discussions about the cruelty
but it didn't happen at that time didn't
happen at that time because it was an
echo chamber there weren't any
dissenting voices I have to feel that
those people working for ice or Border
Patrol they're in the same kind of echo
chamber and they don't realize that the
war on immigrants it's over it's over
the public opinion has shifted and that
was illustrated by people in Hermitage
the war is over
the battles are gonna still still keep
going on the fighting will continue
but as far as this big of becoming an
ongoing national policy it's not gonna
happen
the thing is Jackson became an icon
because he won the battle after the war
was over if you don't want fighting
after the war's over and you lose well
it's a little different see when this
administration is over the president
he's gonna go back to his gold-plated
toilets he's said you're working for
border patrol or ice now you don't have
that I've already heard people who
contract with the government talking
about how they they don't feel that they
can hire anybody who worked specifically
a Clint was the conversation some of
them because of the obvious PR issues
and some of them because they honestly
feel why if you work there and you
participated you can't make a moral
decision if you're working for the feds
you're working one of these agencies
you're looking forward to your
retirement and probably to that cush
contracting job when you're out those
jobs may be gone those jobs may be gone
and and this conversation means nothing
it's not going to change that may be
public opinion sways back and people
forgive it or forget it
well maybe not it's not going to change
anything for you but I'm hoping that
maybe it will change things for other
people they get asked to do something
questionable and they need to remember
that
the view inside an echo chamber the view
inside of an agency like that it's not
the view of the public and the talking
points on TV you're listening to those
who support you it's not the view of the
public either Hermitage an impossibly
diverse group of people ages ethnicities
languages everything banded together and
broke the law
publicly no masks broke the law to get
that father and son away from ice
that's a turning point a lot of people
pointed to religious organizations
sheltering those that ice was looking
for is a turning point yeah but you can
count on religious organizations to do
stuff like that most times these are
random people
these are neighbors no fear I'm certain
that many of them understood they could
have been arrested for that and they did
it anyway
that's the level of opposition that
exists it does not bode well for the
future employment prospects
of those in border patrol and ice even
those who don't take a moral stance on
the issue just from a PR perspective it
a president sent you down a pretty bad
Road
but he'll be fine don't worry anyway
it's just a thought you know I have a
good night